---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: Summer Vacation 2024
category: personal
tags: ['blog', 'summer', 'july', '2024']
---

<p align="center">
        <div class="videoWrapper">
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/5G1HNyn81HI?si=G2TlocSsnrdzgJXo" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
        </div>
</p>

Ohh, yeaaaah~ the __*chronosphere*__ is almost dialed in! A one day time drift is pretty darn good! My one week summer break definitely helped. It's a pretty jam-packed vacation. Here's a breakdown of things of the trip:

__DAY 1__
1. Drove to Los Angeles but stopped over in Arizona for a night

__DAY 2__
1. Continued driving to LA, dropped our things off at the hotel when we got there
2. Dropped the pupper off at daycare
3. Went to Super-G, the promised land of RC drifting (https://supergdrift.com/)
4. Had Japanese curry with old friends

__DAY 3__
1. Visited the future wedding venue (did I mention I'm engaged?)
2. Took engagement photos in scenic section of LA
3. Talked anime with the photographer
4. Parted ways and enjoyed some more Japanese curry

__DAY 4__
1. Prepped our props and costumes for AnimeExpo
2. Explored the convention hall as we gawked at fellow cosplayers
3. Got some lunch and sat quietly and awkwardly with a fellow cosplayer
4. Bought some anime merch
5. Got picture taken by a fellow Magus Bride fan
6. Bought more merch
7. Took a geeky photo at the Crunchyroll lounge
8. Saw the Bocchi the Rock panel
9. Went back home with a high-speed, high-octane Lyft driver in a Prius
10. KO aka instantaneous sleep mode

__DAY 5__
1. Beach day with Korean BBQ - 'nuff said

__DAY 6__
1. The long road back to home

Looking back there was little time to kick back and relax, so it was pretty exhausting. However, it gave a sense fulfillment. I can't wait to do another jam-packed week-long vacation. Maybe I'll do 2 weeks next time. We'll see. HyperChicken, out!
