---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: I am now a chimera
category: personal
tags: ['blog', 'personal', 'surgery', 'cornea_transplant']
---

<p align="center">
        <div class="videoWrapper">
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/n8Kqnurces4?si=p1nh2cxIC1nnkgc8" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
        </div>
</p>

It finally happened. My doctors did the cornea transplant called DSAEK (Descemet's Stripping Automated Endothelial Keratoplasty). So now my left eye has someone else's endothelial cornea layer which makes me somewhat of a chimera. And yes, the person who donated it is no longer alive -- a cadaver. This person wanted to give the gift of sight to someone else upon his death. My vision is currently blurry (hopefully improves with time), but I'm really thankful. My hope is to connect with the family of the donor and really say thank you to them.

The surgery itself was a blur this time despite me being conscious but sedated. And of course, like last time, there was another complication. The air bubble that's supposed to keep the cornea graft in place either moved or poofed out of existence. My doctor had to clamp my eyeball so it stays open and do multiple injections to my eyeball to create the new air bubble. It felt like a medieval torture procedure. Imagine someone being interrogated by clamping their eyes down so they can puncture them easily. So that's that and now I'm in recovery mode. I feel really motivated to create something useful for anything vision/eyes/ophthalmology technology. I want to help give back. I want to prevent, ease, or better yet, cure others that are going through the same hardships as I have. 
